Fix typo in dotnet build --os option description (#27658)
dotnet/docs: includes/cli-os.md

---
- **`--os <OS>`**

>   Specifies the target operating system (OS). This is a shorthand syntax for setting the [Runtime Identifier (RID)](../docs/core/rid-catalog.md), where the provided value is combined with the default RID. For example, on a `win-x64` machine, specifying `--os os` sets the RID to `win-x64`. If you use this option, don't use the `-r|--runtime` option. Available since .NET 6 Preview 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the target operating system (OS). This is a shorthand syntax for setting the [Runtime Identifier (RID)](../docs/core/rid-catalog.md), where the provided value is combined with the default RID. For example, on a `win-x64` machine, specifying `--os linux` sets the RID to `linux-x64`. If you use this option, don't use the `-r|--runtime` option. Available since .NET 6.
```
